CORS
-----------------------
Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is a mechanism for integrating applications. 
CORS defines a way for client web applications that are loaded in one domain to
interact with resources in a different domain. This is useful because complex
applications often reference third-party APIs and resources in their 
client-side code. For example, an application may use your browser to pull 
videos from a video platform API, use fonts from a public font library. CORS allows
the client browser to check with the third-party servers if the request 
is authorized before any data transfers.


Working of CORS:
------------------------

In standard internet communication, our browser sends an HTTP request to the application server, 
receives data as an HTTP response, and displays it. In browser terminology, 
the current browser URL is called the current origin and the third-party URL is cross-origin.

When we make a cross-origin request, this is the request-response process:

The browser adds an origin header to the request with information about the current origin's protocol, host, and port
The server checks the current origin header and responds with the requested data and an Access-Control-Allow-Origin header
The browser sees the access control request headers and shares the returned data with the client application
Alternatively, if the server doesn’t want to allow cross-origin access, it responds with an error message.



Example:
--------------------
For example, consider a site called https://weather.example.com. 
This site wants to access resources from an API at holder-api.com.

Developers at https://holder-api.com first configure the cross-origin 
resource sharing (CORS) headers on their server by adding weather.example.com 
to the allowed origins list. They do this by adding the below line to 
their server configuration file.

Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://weather.example.com

Once CORS access is configured, weather.example.com can request resources 
from holder-api.com. For every request, holder-api.com will respond 
with Access-Control-Allow-Credentials : "true." The browser then knows 
the communication is authorized and permits cross-origin access.

If you want grant access to multiple origins, use a comma-separated
list or wildcard characters like * that grant access to everyone.